Question- The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt, which is a hexdump of a file that has been repeatedly compressed. For this level it may be useful to create a directory under /tmp in which you can work using mkdir. For example: mkdir /tmp/myname123. Then copy the datafile using cp, and rename it using mv (read the manpages!)

commands used:- ls ,cd .. , mkdir , cp , xxd ,file , mv , gzip , bzip2 , tar , cat

1.ls

2.cd ..
Firstly, we go to the home directory by using cd .. twice.

3. mkdir
make a directory called trojan inside the tmp directory and copy the data.txt file from bandit12 to the trojan folder using cp /home/bandit12/data.txt /tmp/trojan and using cd come to trojan directory.

4.cat
When we use cat data.txt , it displays a typical hexdump which is compressed many times.

5.xxd -r
We use xxd -r data.txt > temp to reverse the hexdump file and redirect it to a file temp.

6. file
Then we use file temp to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a gzip compressed file.

7. mv
We rename the temp file to temp.gz to make it have a gzip extension so that can be decompressed later. It is done by mv temp temp.gz

8.gzip -d
We then decompress the temp.gz using gzip -d temp.gz

9.file
We check the file type of temp after decompressing it and it turns out to be bzip2 compressed.

10. mv
We rename the temp file to temp.bz2 to make it have a bzip2 extension so that can be decompressed later. It is done by mv temp temp.bz2 

11. bzip2 -d
We then decompress the temp.bz2 using bzip2 -d temp.bz2

12. file
Then we use file temp to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a gzip compressed file.

13. mv
We rename the temp file to temp.gz to make it have a gzip extension so that can be decompressed later. It is done by mv temp temp.gz
 
14.gzip -d
We then decompress the temp.gz using gzip -d temp.gz

15. file
Then we use file temp to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a tar archived file.

16. tar -xvf
We the use tar -xvf temp which gives us an extracted file called data5.bin

17. file
Then we use file data5.bin to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a tar archived file.

18. tar -xvf
We the use tar -xvf data5.bin which gives us an extracted file called data6.bin

19.file
Then we use file data6.bin to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a bzip2 compressed file.

20.mv
We rename the data6.bin file to temp.bz2 to make it have a bzip2 extension so that can be decompressed later. It is done by mv temp temp.bz2 

21. bzip2 -d
We then decompress the temp.bz2 using bzip2 -d temp.bz2

22. file
Then we use file temp to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a tar archived file.

23. tar -xvf
We the use tar -xvf temp which gives us an extracted file called data8.bin

24. file
Then we use file data8.bin to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a gzip compressed file.

25. mv
We rename the data8.bin file to temp.gz to make it have a gzip extension so that can be decompressed later. It is done by mv data8.bin temp.gz

26.gzip -d
We then decompress the temp.gz using gzip -d temp.gz

27. file
Then we use file temp to see what type of file is temp and it turns out to be a file containing ASCII text.

28. cat
We finally use cat temp to get the password.

Password:- wbWdlBxEir4CaE8LaPhauuOo6pwRmrDw





